First draft of the callbacks and webhooks blog post (#372)
apisyouwonthate/apisyouwonthate.com: src/content/authors/lorna-mitchell.mdx

---
type: author
name: Lorna Mitchell
shortName: Lorna
photo: headshot-lorna.jpg
twitter: lornajane
github: lornajane
isStaff: false

> shortBio: 'I'm a software engineer, published author and open source enthusiast with APIs as a special interest.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
shortBio: "I'm a software engineer, published author and open source enthusiast with APIs as a special interest."
```

Hey @lornajane  - change the `'` here to `"` - the parser is having trouble deciding where your bio starts and ends because of the apostrophe in "I'm".  That should do the trick to get your author page working.  Past that it looks like there's a display bug on the author page which I'll sort out in a separate PR 👍
